[laughing]
Lumiose City. We're back again!
We get to see Clemont too!
[EXCITED]
So, Ash. Ready to go?
You bet! Ready to battle.
[EXCITED]
Clemont?
[HAPPY]
Hey, Clemont.
I'm back. Yay!
And I'm so glad
that you're back.
It's a pleasure
to see everyone again.
Thanks.
It sure has been a while.
So, Bonnie, how has everything
been going?
Awesome! Looks like everything's
going good for you too.
[HAPPY]
You're not gonna believe
all the nice girls
I've been asking
to take care of you.
‐ Ah.
‐ So many keepers!
So much has happened
since you left!
Now, just calm down.
You can tell me all about it
later. Deal?
[chuckles] You don't have to
tuck me in anymore
when I go to sleep.
Serena does it now.
‐ Right?
‐ Right!
So, what do you say?
Ready for me to challenge
the Lumiose Gym?
Yeah! Totally ready.
Huh?
Oh, yeah. Look!
Braixen, come on out!
[APPEARING]
CLEMONT 'Wow, Fennekin evolved
into Braixen!'
[HAPPY]
Fennekin was exceptionally
cute, of course
but Braixen is beautiful!
What do you think, Chespin?
[AGREEMENT]
We've been practicing
our new performance routine.
Now that you have Braixen,
you'll come up
with all sorts of new things.
Right!
Oh, yeah. Check this out!
[APPEARING]
Your Sliggoo
evolved into Goodra?
Uh‐huh. It's a lot stronger.
I'm all set for our battle.
[EXCITED]
♪ You're just a kid
on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best
of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"CONFRONTING THE DARKNESS!"
NARRATOR Our heroes have finally
arrived in Lumiose City
where Ash hopes to win
his fifth Kalos Gym badge.
And his opponent
will be his friend Clemont
the Lumiose Gym Leader.
I hope you're ready for this
'cause I know I'm gonna win
my fifth Gym badge!
Well, I'm not gonna make it
easy for you!
I'm so excited to finally watch
Ash and Clemont's Gym battle.
Hm.
[EXCITED]
And Clemont came back home
early.
Just to make sure
he was all set.
Isn't that right, Dedenne?
[AGREEMENT]
CLEMBOT 'It's time to begin this
Lumiose City
Gym battle
challenge.'
What do you say
we get things going?
You betcha!
Huh?
Officer Jenny?
Um, hi, there.
You must be Clemont,
the Lumiose City Gym Leader
is that right?
Right.
Then that must be Clembot?
CLEMONT
'Uh, yes.'
Is there a problem, officer?
We were just getting
an important battle started.
Clembot, look at this.
You're under arrest.
Ah! Clembot's under arrest?
[all gasp]
What did I do wrong?
I assure you I am
completely innocent, sir.
I know, Clembot. It must be
some kind of a mistake.
Don't worry. I promise
I'll prove your innocence.
No matter what it takes.
Please try to relax while we
figure this whole thing out.
Alright. I'll try.
OFFICER JENNY 'Strange things
have been happening'
'in Lumiose City lately.'
'First, there is the sign
on our three‐star hotel.'
'Somebody stole
one of its stars.'
'Next, there is the incident
where all the mannequins'
'on display at a high‐end
boutique were found'
hanging upside down,
and wearing bathing suits.
No doubt there's been some
weird stuff going on
but what does Clembot
have to do with this?
[CONFUSED]
Look at these.
They're surveillance videos.
‐ Oh, no.
‐ It's proof positive.
Would you mind zooming in
a little bit closer?
See that? I know Clembot has
a dent on the top of its head.
But this robot doesn't have one!
I'm afraid this video
doesn't prove that.
So you're saying that
it's definitely Clembot?
Officer Jenny. Wait.
I can vouch
for Clembot's innocence
because I've been
with Clembot constantly.
Alibis provided by friends
aren't reliable.
And with all the evidence
I have
'I'll have to make an arrest.'
So all we have to do is prove
that Clembot's innocent, right?
Right.
I tell you I'm an innocent
robot, innocent.
'Son!'
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Huh?
‐ 'Dad.'
‐ Daddy!
There's my sweet Bonnie.
Welcome home.
It's good to see
all of you.
Nice to see you.
So they've arrested Clembot?
Clembot did nothing wrong!
Right. I know that.
ALEXA
'Guys!'
[gasps]
ASH
'Alexa!'
‐ 'Videos?'
‐ 'Yes.'
They're of the three‐star hotel
and high‐end boutique incidents.
They were caught
by security cameras
and both videos show a robot
who looks just like Clembot.
‐ But it's not Clembot.
‐ Of course. I know that.
So I've been looking
into those incidents on my own.
During my research
I discovered the man in
the Blaziken mask is involved.
Blaziken Mask? No way.
It seems he's trying to get
to the bottom of this as well.
Ha! You're not serious,
are you?
You're saying
Blaziken Mask is real?
Yeah. And he's always
with his Mega Blaziken.
Uh, Mega Blaziken?
Well, that's a new one on me.
It's true! Blaziken Mask
has helped us before.
That Blaziken Mask just might
have some kind of lead.
Those videos are all we have,
at least for now.
All I can think of is it was
made to look just like Clembot.
But they'd need blueprints.
They wouldn't be able to make
Clembot without them, right?
Right.
So tell me,
where are the blueprints?
I filed them up in Prism Tower.
They're saved
on the computer there.
Then I suggest you go there
right now
and see if you can
find any leads.
Right!
Meanwhile,
I'll see what I can find out.
That would be great.
We're gonna prove Clembot
had nothing to do with this.
‐ For sure.
‐ Alright!
[EXCITED]
‐ Ah.
‐ What's up?
I've uncovered
concrete evidence
that this computer's
been hacked.
So what about the blueprints?
It appears somebody located
and copied all of them.
Then that means that Alexa
was right all along.
Now, hold on just one sec.
If I can trace the computer
that hacked into this one
in the first place.
You can do that?
Apparently this shows
the hackers were working
from Lumiose University
on the robotics
department's server.
'Ah‐ha! Clembot's blueprints.'
'This proves
they stole them from there.'
They even stole
Clembot's operating system.
Huh?
'That's it.
The robot in the videos.'
It looks
exactly like Clembot.
Like Clembot's
got an evil twin.
And that means
that Clembot's bad.
CLEMONT
'It says electronic storage.'
Look at that.
It's the Lumiose Museum.
BONNIE
Lumiose Museum?
Maybe they're gonna
hit it next.
That's a distinct possibility.
Let's make a copy
and give it to Officer Jenny.
Huh?
It says Belmondo.
Is that a name?
Alright then, Dark Clembot.
Let's do this
with more of a kick today.
Understood, master.
Now, Magneton, use Discharge!
[DISCHARGE MOVE]
Alright. Here we go.
[explosions]
All the latest electronics
are stored here.
Perfect for raising
some Team Rocket cash.
But there's somethin'
we hadn't bargained for.
JESSIE
'A Pokémon‐controlling robot.'
'Bonus time!
Tailor‐made for Team Rocket.'
Well, then..
Let's grab it and go!
‐ Righteo!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Magneton!
It looks exactly like Clembot.
We gave the surveillance footage
a closer look.
There was no dent
on its head.
Because it isn't Clembot.
I tried to tell you!
You see Officer Jenny?
That robot is the one
who did all that horrible stuff.
That possibility
can't be ruled out.
So tell me, Clemont,
where exactly
did you get a hold
of this data?
I discovered someone hacked
into the Prism Tower computer
and stole Clembot's blueprints.
I kept tracing it further
and further back
until I found
the keyword "Belmondo."
Doctor Belmondo?
Is that name familiar?
Of course.
He's a robotics researcher.
And he stole blueprints
from the Prism Tower computer?
I'll investigate.
‐ One more thing.
‐ Huh?
Please, have a look at this.
These are floor plans
for an electronics warehouse.
Oh, no! Another incident
just occurred there!
[gasps]
What happened?
BONNIE
'Oh, no!'
Those electronics
were burnt to a crisp.
That's awful.
And this situation
is only getting worse.
Ah, that's right.
He had Lumiose
Museum files too.
The Lumiose Museum?
If they're going
to strike again
it's possible that
they'll target the museum next.
Right. So that proves
Clembot's innocent.
‐ Please, release Clembot.
‐ Hm.
Officer, please! The only one
who can stop Fake Clembot
is Clembot and you know it!
Alright. I will.
[HAPPY]
Sorry for the trouble I caused.
Okay, you're free to go.
BONNIE
I'm so happy!
Clembot, please.
We need your help right away!
Sir?
CLEMONT The real criminal needs
to be caught now!
I'm happy to help.
Alright! It's all for one!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Yeah!
I've already notified
the museum officials.
The most important thing
to remember is you must
stay hidden and quiet.
We'll strike once
they're caught in the act.
Let me know
if anything comes up.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
We will!
[gasps]
Huh?
Oh!
Look! Up there!
Alright.
Time to work, Dark Clembot.
Understood.
[grunting]
Ah! Huh! Huh?
Who are you?
This monster was trying to
sneak inside the Lumiose Museum.
CLEMONT Just what are you
planning to do
with that fake
Clembot?
To frame your robot as a common
criminal. Simple as that.
I'll go and get
Officer Jenny right now.
Okay.
BELMONDO
Mark my words.
I make the very best robots
the world has ever seen!
From the moment I saw
your Clembot
I knew it wasn't complete.
And that's when I realized
what needed to be done.
So I did it. My Dark Clembot
is robot perfection!
The greatest robot
that has ever been created.
You couldn't be more wrong.
My Clembot is a masterpiece
of robotic design!
Think what you want,
but there's no doubt
you've ruined my ambition
to frame your robot
'and have Dark Clembot
be the hero who catches him'
'and saves the day!'
So now we must battle
to find out which robot is best.
'Let's see which robot is truly
the greatest!'
You used the magnificent power
of science
to fulfill
your own selfish ambitions.
I'll take you on!
Look what we have here.
A Pokémon battle.
Magneton, go!
[APPEARING]
Alright then.
Clembot, I'm counting on you!
Understood, sir!
Heliolisk, come out!
[APPEARING]
Thunder Shock, let's go!
[THUNDER SHOCK MOVE]
Heliolisk, dodge it!
Use Electro Ball.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Now use Dragon Tail
for your counterattack.
[DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
Magneton, Tackle.
[TACKLE MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
[gasps]
[PAINED]
Heliolisk.
Huh? Huh?
[STRUGGLING]
Doctor Belmondo
and Dark Clembot!
You two are coming with
me. I have a few questions.
[chuckles]
Do it, Magneton!
'Use Flash Cannon!'
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
Dodge and use Parabolic Charge!
[DODGING]
[PARABOLIC CHARGE MOVE]
Use Tackle, Magneton!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Heliolisk, no!
[EXERTION]
You're slow, Magneton.
Pick up the pace.
Alright. This battle is over!
Over?
You've already lost.
Your robot couldn't care less
about the condition
of your Pokémon one bit.
All it cares about is winning.
My Clembot always
battles alongside my Pokémon.
[laughing]
Oh, what a fool!
The only thing that matters
in battle is getting the win.
'That's how
I programmed Dark Clembot.'
'And that's what makes him
the most powerful robot of all!'
Wrong Belmondo.
The robot who is best
at Pokémon battling
cares about Pokémon
above all else.
'And that definition
describes my Clembot to a tee!'
He's right! You lost, Belmondo!
Just give it up already!
[AGREEMENT]
[grunts]
Huh?
Hey Clembot,
what's wrong with you?
Ah. What's with Clembot?
[CONCERNED]
[laughing]
What's with Clembot
is what's with us.
We've got a big magnet
and that's a plus.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of no attraction.
To extend our reach
with magnetic action!
Jessie.
And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for an isotropic fight.
Meowth, that's right!
Team Rocket? Again?
We attract technically advanced
robots and repel Twerps.
At Team Rocket,
naturally naughty behavior
is a way of life.
And with this magnet,
we can grab both of those
metal heads at once.
What?
[grunting]
[screaming]
Ah.
It's Blaziken Mask!
And Mega Blaziken.
‐ Ash!
‐ 'Alexa!'
‐ It's Blaziken Mask. See?
‐ Yeah.
I won't let you cause
any trouble for this city!
[AGREEMENT]
Use Flare Blitz!
[EXERTION]/[FLARE BLITZ MOVE]
[gasps]
Use Blaze Kick. Now!
[BLAZE KICK MOVE]
[screaming]
We're blasting..
Off..
Again!
Sorry to interrupt your
activities. Resume, Clemont.
[EXCITED]
Good job, Clembot.
Get a good rest.
You deserve it after all.
You too, Heliolisk!
You leave me with no choice.
[APPEARING]
‐ Out of the way.
‐ Please, I want to handle this.
But wait..
He'll be just fine.
Clemont knows what to do.
Alright, Luxray, let's go!
[APPEARING]
Magnezone! Zap Cannon!
[ZAP CANNON MOVE]
Quick, Luxray! Dodge it! Go!
Use Wild Charge!
[WILD CHARGE MOVE]
[PAINED]
What do you think you're doing?
Hurry and get up! Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Now, Luxray, hit that back
with Swift!
[SWIFT MOVE]
Hit that back with Tackle!
And do it right now!
[TACKLE MOVE]
Not again!
Terrible.
Luxray, dodge it and use Swift!
[DODGING]/[SWIFT MOVE]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
Huh? Ah.
I know your style.
I learned it from watching
Dark Clembot's battle.
That's how I predicted
your moves.
'From now on, I suggest you
treat your robot and Pokémon'
'with more respect.'
I knew you could beat them!
BONNIE
What a cool big brother.
[EXCITED]
OFFICER JENNY Doctor Belmondo,
you're under arrest.
Ah.
‐ Ash! Clemont!
‐ Huh?
You two are going to have
a Gym battle, aren't you?
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey!
How did you know about that?
I know everything
that goes on in this city.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
‐ Good luck to both of you!
‐ Huh. Wait!
[EXERTION]
Ah. Slow down!
He must still be around here.
Let's go!
Clemont. I'm looking forward
to your Gym battle.
It's you against Ash.
Man‐to‐man.
It's time you fulfill
the promise you've made to him.
Give it your all.
Everything you've got.
[AGREEMENT]
Now, I want you to eat
as much as you like.
There's plenty more
where that came from.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Thanks so much for the food!
Yeah!
It's yummy.
[EXCITED]
Wow, they wrote about
what happened yesterday.
The Lumiose Gym's Clembot
was proven innocent.
And for nabbing
the real culprits
Clembot was given full honors.
Ooh, let's see.
That really sounds like Alexa
wrote that article.
Say. Serena, you were right.
This is amazing!
And look at you. You're famous!
Stop it.
You're embarrassing me.
Now, we can finally rest easy.
Then is today the day?
Yup. Time for our Gym battle.
NARRATOR Although Clembot was
arrested for crimes
it didn't commit our heroes
figured out
the identity of the
true culprits.
Now, Ash and Clemont's Gym
battle can finally
get underway, as our
heroes' journey continues.
[theme music]